hey everyone it's a rainbow welcome to
my yummy stuck episode it's been two
months since I made one so I think it's
about time that I make another one today
we are going to make if they go cupcakes
they make things easier I'm going to put
all the products that you use in
description box below instead of just
naming them out because I don't even
know if you guys can hear me or not and
I just make things easier and quicker
the flavors if they go I have today our
blue raspberry grape black cherry orange
and mist you can Harvey use any flavor
Faygo you won you can use the root beer
you can use to call you can use anything
they're just ones that I can get where I
live and only ones that I chose because
there was ginger ale and Cola but I
don't like ginger ale and the cola one
tastes like cigarette butts to me at
least so I chose these and also I wanted
some fun colorful colors for cupcakes
because like you know rainbow and if you
cannot find figa wherever you live don't
worry you can use any flavor just soda
pop also the two like you know it's
regular grape orange moon miss is kind
of their version of Mountain Dew alright
let's get to it
alright first thing sewers you want to
get your bold and then mix together your
butter sugar and eggs
and now you want to add your baking soda
baking powder and vanilla to the mixture
and now we're going to add our flour I
like to put in the flour laughs because
it can get really messy so just want to
add it at a time
now we're during this point it's gonna
start ending up being more like a cookie
dough batter but we have not added in
our fake oh yes so be patient now if
you're going to make cupcakes are just
one solid flavor you don't do this next
part of it because I'm doing each flavor
of feo I have I'm going to separate them
in bowls and evenly as possible
now I'm color coding to fail colors with
the color of the bowls just to make
things easier and now I'm going to add
in the color and all the colors I'm
using are from Wilton and so I have
violet I'm using teal things lemon
yellow no taste red and orange after
Fago you can see it's turned into a more
cut cookie batter
our battle is all made now and they are
going to put hooker picked in now right
now Lackey I should have done before
pre-heat your oven to 350 degrees
Fahrenheit now have these little
silicone cupcake bulb things because I'm
kind of all out of the paper ones so I'm
going to put these in here and then in
the rest of the computers I'm actually
going to spray it or put some butter in
it but if you have cupcake liners now
just use those now I'm going to fill up
a cupcake tin I'm going to fill up each
one 3/4 of the way
and now I'm going to list the cupcakes
in the oven for 20 to 25 minutes and
this is the finished product turns out I
did not need the cupcake liners as much
as I thought which one should I try I
don't think I've tried the orange one
yet so let me try this one now the
cupcake is not a like a thick whatsoever
it's pretty dense if you like your
cupcakes light then this may or may not
be the cookie recipe for you I don't
like a light cupcake like where after
you eat it you still feel like you're
missing something I like a dense
cupcakes makes me feel full afterwards
and that my friends is how you make a
Faygo cupcake thank you guys for
watching I hope you enjoyed and I will
see you all next time